W-12210401-xml-module-1.4.0-kt (#2185)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: xml/1.4/modules/ROOT/pages/xml-reference.adoc

| Expand Entities a| Enumeration, one of:

** NEVER
** INTERNAL
** ALL |  Defines how to treat entity expansion. Setting a value different than NEVER renders the application vulnerable to XXE and/or DoS attacks |  NEVER |
| Expiration Policy a| <<ExpirationPolicy>> |  Configures the minimum amount of time that a dynamic configuration instance can remain idle before the runtime considers it eligible for expiration. This does not mean that the platform expires the instance at the exact moment that it becomes eligible. The runtime actually purges the instances when it sees fit. |  |
|===

== Operations

* <<validateSchema>>
* <<xpathExtract>>
* <<xqueryTransform>>
* <<xsltTransform>>

[[validateSchema]]
=== Validate Schema
`<xml-module:validate-schema>`

Validates that the input content is compliant with a given schema. This operation supports referencing many schemas (using comma as a separator) which include each other.

==== Parameters
[cols=".^20%,.^20%,.^35%,.^20%,^.^5%", options="header"]
|===
| Name | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Configuration | String | The name of the configuration to use. | |x

> | Schemas a| String |  The path to the schema file. You can specify multiple schema locations by using a comma separator |  |x

Reviewer: Just have a question. With the new feature, couldn’t you provide only the Schema Content to validate? And in that case, why is the Schemas parameter required?

> | Schema Contents a| Array of <<SchemaContent>> | Schema text content to perform a schema validation. |  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Schema Contents a| Array of <<SchemaContent>> | Schema text content for performing a schema validation. |  |
```

| Schema Language a| Enumeration, one of:

** W3C
** RELAXNG |  The schema language to use. |  W3C |
| Content a| Binary |  the XML content to validate |  #[payload] |
| Expand Entities a| Enumeration, one of:

** NEVER
** INTERNAL
** ALL |  Set to NEVER to prevent XXE and DoS attacks |  |
|===

==== For Configurations

<<config>>

==== Throws
* XML-MODULE:INVALID_INPUT_XML
* XML-MODULE:INVALID_SCHEMA
* XML-MODULE:SCHEMA_NOT_FOUND
* XML-MODULE:SCHEMA_NOT_HONOURED

> * XML-MODULE:TRANSFORMATION

Reviewer: Shouldn't you add the SCHEMA_INPUT_ERROR ?
